DOC-313: Kinesis: add option for a rust based mock (#731)
localstack/localstack-docs: src/content/docs/aws/services/kinesis.mdx

### Performance Tuning

By default, Kinesis Mock runs on the Node.js engine (`KINESIS_MOCK_PROVIDER_ENGINE=node`).
For high-volume workloads, large payloads, or long-running setups, you can switch to a different engine using the `KINESIS_MOCK_PROVIDER_ENGINE` flag.

#### Scala engine

The Scala engine (`KINESIS_MOCK_PROVIDER_ENGINE=scala`) delivers up to 10x better performance compared to the default Node.js engine.
The following parameters can be tuned for the Scala engine:

- Increase `KINESIS_MOCK_MAXIMUM_HEAP_SIZE` beyond the default `512m` to reduce JVM memory pressure.
- Increase `KINESIS_MOCK_INITIAL_HEAP_SIZE` beyond the default `256m` to pre-allocate more JVM heap memory.

:::note
`KINESIS_MOCK_MAXIMUM_HEAP_SIZE` and `KINESIS_MOCK_INITIAL_HEAP_SIZE` are only applicable when using the Scala engine.
:::

> #### Rust engine

Author: Its hard to benchmark Scala vs Rust accurately as Scala does not adhere to API data plane limits like 1MiB/s ingress rates per shard but all of my tests show lower CPU + Memory usage and equivalent or better throughput once shards are scaled up high enough for the Rust side to really get going.

It provides:

- **Native multi-account and multi-region support** from a single binary, regardless of how many accounts you use — this removes the per-account instance overhead described under [Limitations](#limitations).
- **Faithful enforcement of all AWS API limits**, including per-shard rate ingress/egress limits.
- **An improved persistence model** that replaces the legacy unbounded in-memory queue, allowing the mock to run under sustained load for long periods without the risk of running out of memory.

:::caution
This is the first release of the Rust engine and it should be considered experimental for anyone opting in.

Persistence is **not compatible** between the Rust engine and the Node.js or Scala engines, in either direction.
Any existing Kinesis persistence (including Cloud Pods and state created with the `node` or `scala` engines) will not carry over when you switch to `rust` — and vice versa.
Switching engines effectively starts from a fresh state.
:::

#### All engines

Regardless of the selected engine, you can reduce `KINESIS_LATENCY` artificial response delays from the default `500` milliseconds (or disable them entirely with `0`).

> Refer to our [Kinesis configuration documentation](https://docs.localstack.cloud/references/configuration/#kinesis) for more details on these parameters.

Reviewer: hey @jbeemster, we don't have a `/references` directory in docs, curious about where you found this link? 

(this looks like an old link from the v1 docs site from over a year ago) 

It would be  helpful to know where this old url came from, such as did you find in in search results? Want to double check if I need to update the 301s for this repo.

Author: It was a link that got moved from the old section - see line 181 in this diff!

> Refer to our [Kinesis configuration documentation](https://docs.localstack.cloud/references/configuration/#kinesis) for more details on these parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to our [Kinesis configuration documentation](https://docs.localstack.cloud/aws/configuration/config/configuration/#kinesis) for more details on these parameters.
```
